I am so excited because I've got my
hands on Oh two tracks it's the new app
from o2 that puts the hit songs from the
official top 40 onto your phone without
ads and without streaming it downloads
the tracks via Wi-Fi and stays
constantly up to date which means you
can listen to your favorite songs
anytime anywhere
celebrate the launch I've been inspired
to make my own song which is why I am
here the smokehouse recording studios
where I'm gonna meet Nikko a master
songwriter and producer and who knows my
song I may even end up in the official
top 40 and on 202 tracks let's do this
and this is Nico hello sir hello how are
you doing I'm all right I'm a little bit
stressed because we're gonna write a
song I don't even know where you begin
well I need to know what you wanna think
about it's gotta be well I've just been
talking about ot tracks it's got the top
40 on the phone and also it's got other
playlists as well which is great Justin
there's another section which are
exclusive new tracks there's also a news
you can see lots of stories about your
favorite artists you know get a bit as
it can Iraq facts but I think the most
important thing is you've got all your
music on the go wherever you go yep
also you can create your own playlists
so if there's a song you like you can
make it a favorite that goes into your
playlist and then you can buy it so if
it ever falls out the top 40 you once
again you've got that music on the go
what's the number of it what you're
trying to tell me
well my most exciting thing for me is I
love the fact that it's the official top
40 and it's on your phone so it's you
know it's something poison at your
pocket yeah I suppose it's in your
pocket look at me it's a top 40 in your
pocket 40 in my top 40 in my pocket
oh you're dancing living in a kit from
yeah against topic you want it yeah baki
yeah we Cammie a bit I love this right
I'm really excited about this we need a
title though we need a song title top
for it in my pocket in it genius you're
on fire we need to get some rhythms down
now yeah let's go in there lay down some
tracks brilliant that gap we might we
might do one more just because it was
very nearly perfect but we just probably
might just go for one more just so you
can get it even better yeah can you tune
it up
you know what I move it's not right
there is my first ever single who knows
it could be making an appearance on the
O 2 tracks app sometime see talking to
which if you want to download the own
two tracks app just text the word tracks
to 60120 to or click up there for more
information if you click up there
that's the o2 guru a YouTube channel
where you can put an appointment with an
o2 guru and get more news and reviews oh
I'm gonna have to get used to this
Arthur I will see you next time unless
I'm jet-setting across the world to form
in this bad boy somewhere see you then
now the gating the app couldn't be
simpler at the top here we've got basic
navigation buttons such as home so you
can go back to where you started to
deliver a precision-engineered of all HD
smartphone but also save it is 7.9